Update README.md (#8)
prisma/react-native-prisma: README.md

# Early Access: Prisma ORM for React Native and Expo

> A Prisma engine adaptation for React Native. Please note that this is in [Early Access](https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/reference/preview-features/client-preview-features)

Reviewer: link to https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/more/releases#early-access instead of preview features?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Prisma engine adaptation for React Native. Please note that this is in [Early Access](https://www.prisma.io/docs/orm/more/releases#early-access)
```
